TINY-7721: Fix broken typescript types in Jax (#7102)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/jax/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Upgraded to Katamari 8.0, which includes breaking changes to the `Optional` API used in this module.

> ### Improved

Reviewer: Can we please put this section above Changed please?

> - Changed `HttpError.responseText` type from `string` to `ResponseTypeMap[T]`, `T extends keyof ResponseTypeMap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the `HttpError.responseText` type to track the actual `ResponseType`, instead of just `string`. This means that `HttpError` now requires a generic type that extends `keyof ResponseTypeMap`.
```
Maybe?
